oh man what is it well they weren't
kidding
this safe is serious how serious we
talking Scottie it's a Carbondale
it's from 1910 made for the same Steel
is gonna Titanic Wow
can you crack it well here's the thing
doesn't do so well in the cold remember
what that iceberg did yeah man it killed
a cap real killed everybody not to kill
the old lady she's still throw the jewel
into the oceans
what are you doing I poured water in the
locking mechanism in frozen wood
nitrogen ice expands metal doesn't well
you don't have waiting nice
what is it cash don't it's a suit what
an old motorcycle suit there's no cash
no jewelry nothing no it's a bust
I'm really sorry Scotty I know you
needed a score
you